hello my friends welcome to my June
favorites and failed countdown I've got
a nice selection of stuff for you this
month uh some stuff that just didn't
quite work out some stuff I just didn't
get along with and then a lot of stuff
that I really really liked I can't wait
to share with you never been to one of
my favorites and fails countdown this is
how it works I start with the worst
product that I tried this month and I go
all the way up to the best product that
I tried and we're going to get started
with never again number tens a product
that I haven't had there very long but
I've definitely formed an opinion about
it I usually wait a little while before
I include them in favorites and fails
but I really want to show this one to
you since it is a brand new product it
is the benefit boying concealer this is
the new airbrush concealer if you didn't
know benefit just repackaged all of
their concealers so like a race pace and
fake up they're all buying something or
another I actually talked to the folks
over at benefit at generation Beauty in
Toronto and asked them why did they name
everything going because to me boying
doesn't say concealer I didn't I don't
get boy I understand dear a space-like I
was wondering why didn't they just call
it erase paste airbrush I mean race
paste whatever because that's kind of
iconic to me I feel like benefit erase
paste is iconic I don't feel like bowing
is but supposedly boy was their very
first concealer and what it is is they
feel like all your flaws are boning off
your face so dark circles are bullying
off and blemishes are blinging off your
face that made more sense to me but
anyway back to the quality of the
concealer it just doesn't work for me
it doesn't like going on and on about
the name wait a minute we're supposed to
be reviewing this year Jen it just
doesn't work for me it's got a very very
light coverage to it
it's supposed to be airbrush so maybe
it's like one swipe of an airbrush it
just I don't know who this is going to
work for unless you have really really
light dark circles it definitely
increase on me so that's a good thing if
you have fine lines under your eyes I do
have a little bit of fine lines right
here but it just didn't have enough on
for me so that's why it's at Number ten
number nine are
I spent a lot of money on and I am quite
disappointed these are the new Becca
liquid crystal lift Stoppers and I got
these because I wanted to put them over
lipsticks as an iridescent glow I got
two different shades this one is called
topaz and guilt and then this one is
called amethyst and geode I like
amethyst and Gio just a little bit more
I feel like the iridescent hangs on a
little bit better but this one here it
really doesn't the iridescent is barely
even there and if you even say a word
like buh-buh-buh-buh-buh buhbuh buhbuh
it's gone as soon as you mosha lips
together in any way the iridescent is
completely gone so if you're posing for
Instagram pictures or something like
that you can probably get a very
beautiful photo of these but if you're
actually wearing these as a functional
gloss that you want to look iridescent
for more than five minutes they're just
not functional again this one's a little
bit better I do like the way this one
looks on its own but for the price I'd
rather get to face unicorn tears as an
iridescent topper because it really does
meld into the lipsticks that you top it
over and really gives you an iridescent
where these just completely disappear
and that's very disappointing to me so
for the price point definitely not when
I was a generation Beauty in Toronto I
was standing next to a woman who had
showed me a Mac product that she was
wearing I'll put a photo of it there she
let me take a picture of it that may be
a better choice instead of these if
you're looking for an iridescent topper
now we're getting into things that were
not bad they just don't fit my personal
tastes this is the pretty vulgar pre
birdie eye shadow palette and I got this
specifically because it had a lot of
bright colors in it and it was different
than anything else I owned I'm having
some trouble with the pigmentation and
that it's too pigmented it's very
difficult to blend it's hard to get the
shadows to blend into each other at
least for me and my skill level it's
difficult for me to work with the shade
selection I already knew when I bought
it wasn't going to be a complete palette
and that I'm going to have to reach for
other palettes in order to use this but
I'm just not having fun using it this
shape here Snitch is a little bit gritty
which is weird some of the purples like
this one down here
fade to black which
I really like my Purple's to stay purple
the green here is beautiful this one is
very nice but it's just not good enough
for what I want and I shadow palette
it's not what I like to work with I
don't I just simply just don't have fun
playing with it wear some eyeshadow
palettes you're like this is fun this
one's just not fun for me
moving on up so we've gotten a naked
heat palette by urban decay again not a
bad palette it's actually a pretty good
palette my issue with this is a personal
preference issue it's just it's too much
of the same shade and I don't wear this
shade enough this red burnt orange kind
of shade I really see a lot of red
people are swearing to me that there's
orange in here I see a lot of red that's
just me personally but it's just there's
not a variety of looks that can be
created with it quality is very good
though for me at least I was watching
Kathy from terrific and she was saying
she was having problems with these two
shape I didn't have that experience I
had more problems with these two shades
but anyway it's a nice addition to my
Naked palette collection but that's
pretty much it I don't see myself
reaching for it a whole lot even though
the quality is there it's just a shade
selection is just not for me personally
I do have a full review of this that I
will link below and you may love this
palette it just isn't for me number six
is a product that came out relatively
recently from L'Oreal these are the
infallible paint metallics and these
remind me a lot of the regular L'Oreal
infallible shadows except for the format
of it if you're not familiar with the
L'Oreal infallible you unscrew the top
and then there's like a little stopper
inside that you pull out to kind of keep
the product the right texture so that it
keeps the proper amount of moisture in
there at least that's what I've heard is
the purpose of it and you're supposed to
screw the top on pretty tightly with
these you don't have to worry about it I
think these are like eight dollars
apiece which is pretty expensive to me
for a drugstore single eyeshadow so the
considering drugstore eyeshadow palettes
10:10 palettes you can get for you know
twenty dollars to spend eight dollars
for one shadow just seems like a lot to
me even though I think the grams are a
little more in a single shadow these are
really good quality as are the regular
L'Oreal infallible but they do tend to
muddy together a little bit
lasting power is just okay for me it
will last about six hours before they
start fading of quite a bit and it looks
like my eyeshadow is faded so the last
you through most of the school or work
day without significant saving at least
they do on me it's just they're a little
better than just okay I don't recommend
buying the whole collection like I did I
would recommend just buying a shade or
two trying out the formulas if you like
it and then get more if you want more
but I definitely don't recommend buying
all of them at once they do come in five
shades so we've got violet luster we
have cages we have aluminum foil which i
think is a really fun shade name and
then we have brass knuckles and finally
we have rose chrome and they all perform
very consistently the same so don't
worry about one being better than the
other they're all pretty much the same
equalities just picking the shade that
you like the best now we have another
product from L'Oreal this is the
voluminous last paradise mascara this is
new I do really like this a lot and
people are comparing it to the better
than sex from toothpaste and I do feel
like that they can compare but I do
actually like the L'Oreal just a little
bit better
I feel like this clumps less on my
lashes it's a less heavy formula at
least for me I haven't had any flaking
from this I did have some flaking from
the Too Faced version and I think
L'Oreal did a wonderful job on this I
only complain about this is it does
clump just a little bit but it's not as
bad as the toothpaste one for me but
overall I really really like it no big
complaints I also really like the
L'Oreal voluminous original mascara but
I like this one just a little bit more
number four is the marvelous moles
palette by dose of colors another one
that I was planning on doing a full
review of and I just haven't done it yet
I really like the quality these shadows
I am most impressed with this lightest
mauve shade this thing is so sick and
opaque it is amazing i was shocked when
i swatched like i literally would when i
first launched it using it is so easy so
if you like these kinds of shades I
recommend it I don't feel it's
overpriced before what it is and what
you get just because the quality is so
good you do get the double-sided brush
and it is a nice brush it's definitely
usable and the shades are really fun to
use as a complete look I have used this
just by itself without any other shadows
I do kind of like to tend to reach in
and grab some other palettes with it but
you can use this on its own as a
complete look and just really liked it a
lot it's very high quality lasting power
is fantastic and it's wonderful I have
nothing bad to say about it
another very wonderful product that I
have nothing bad to say about this is
the I know it looks really weird I took
it out of the pack mode but outer
packaging but I saw it in the plastic
these are the Ulta foundation adjusting
drops these are so good they give you a
little mixing tray here so you can hold
this like this and you can mix your
foundations like artists and I like that
I've used both the darkening and the
lightening I mostly use the darkening
because I don't have a lot of dark
foundations that I need to lighten and
it's also I'm getting a little bit of
Sun on my face here in there so some
days I feel like I need my foundation to
be a little bit darker and it seems like
this is a little bit warm tone but I
find when I mix it into my foundation it
doesn't bring my foundations warm which
really surprised me and I do like using
the little tray so basically what I do
is I just kind of squirt some of my
foundation here I put a pump of the
brown and I mix it together like this
and then I slowly add more of one or the
other depending on what I feel is
happening there I'll take a dip I don't
kind of go like this and hold up to the
mirror and see if it's the right shade
and then just keep mixing till I get the
right thing so I definitely recommend
using less initially and then kind of
build up two more products until you get
the right color for you and it's really
nice I have a neutral skin tone so I
feel like these keep my foundations
neutral so if you have a warm skin tone
you already have a warm foundation these
may bring it more neutral but I doubt it
honestly I don't think it's really good
a mess with your warm foundations only
it's going to mess too much with your
cool foundations it may bring them
slightly more neutral but man these
things are just working up really really
well for me and I really like them a lot
especially
this time of year when our skin tone may
be changing just a little bit because of
the Sun here in the States
now looking at these at number two I
probably should have bumped these down a
little bit because I do have a critique
about these but I don't have a critique
about the last two products I just love
them selves I noticed ela magnificent
metals glitter and glow liquid
eyeshadows and these have been raved
about all over YouTube I am wearing it
all over just my lid today and then I
have my number one product as the rest
of what I'm wearing these are so good
the thing I'm most impressed about these
with is that I don't have any fallout
which surprises me now this is my
personal eyes if you've had fallout I'm
really sorry but I have not had any
fallout with these I got the shades
ballet baby and kitten karma and every
time I wear these I get compliments I
brought both of them to generation
beauty and when I had in my eyes I got
lots of compliments and they're just
really really good glitters in that they
don't fall over your face my critique
however is that if you have hooded eyes
or if your eyes touch like if your
eyelid touches like the upper part of
the inside of your eye subscribe it
these can transfer so I have to spend a
good two minutes like this after I put
them on to make sure that it doesn't
transfer and even and then it still
transfers just a tiny bit through the
day so that's a critique I have about
them but they're so sickeningly
beautiful that's why they're so high I
really think maybe I should have bumped
him down a little bit but I don't know
they're so good they could stay at
number two and number one is one that I
am very surprised if you had told me
that a Tarte eyeshadow palette was going
to be at my number one spot ever I
probably would have laughed and said
there's no way but and also a palette
it's so boring looking is it my number
one this is a Tarte clay play palette
I'm obsessed with this palette and I
don't I don't know how that happened I'm
obsessed with this I think it's because
it's so consistently easy to use and so
consistently good so what I did when I
was away in New York and Canada was that
I took this palette with me and then I
took the chart
believe in yourself to make believe in
yourself talent and the to steal is with
me I set out down my base with this and
then I just popped either a color from
me make believe in yourself palette or
one of the steal is down and I was done
all I have on my
today is the shade up in my crease this
shade over here out in the outer corner
I pop this shade all over my lid and
then the kitten karma and that's it from
the steel of the glittery guy that's all
I have on my eyes and it's consistently
easy no thought wonderful to use I
really like the contour shades as well
it's just just been treating me very
well lasting powers been fantastic and
this has become one of my favorite
eyeshadow palettes to work with I like
it better than my Urban Decay Naked
basics palette I feel like they're
easier to work with I feel like they're
laughing power is better and I can't
believe I'm saying this but I love this
Tarte eyeshadow palette I love it so if
you're looking for a good base eyeshadow
palette that is no thought I highly
recommend this so that is it for my top
10 favorites countdown for June I hope
you enjoyed it if you did definitely
make sure you subscribe so you don't
miss my favorites next month and mad
love to you hope you had a great month
hope next month is even better and I
love and I'll see you in the next video
[Music]